**The productive struggle** is a concept we talked about a lot when I worked in education, the idea of how we practice something after we've "learned" it. What we typically call "learning" is just exposure to new information. For your brain to intuitively understand and navigate a skill it needs to practice that skill. Practice, unfortunately is not something many people fully understand. I exercise, but I've noticed that my 5k time has plateaued. If we look at why, it's pretty obvious. I "go for a run," but I do it out of habit. I do it to feel good, and I feel GREAT after. But, I'm not getting better because I'm not pushing myself. I'm not **struggling**, and my body has no indication that it needs to make any changes. So it doesn't.

Coding is no different. To maintain a skill, you need to practice how I run - just do it every now and then, no big deal. To grow a skill though, you need to work outside of your comfort zone. You need to try new things, you need to make mistakes. You need to struggle and make your brain do genuine work to make a real, lasting change. So, don't be afraid to try something you only sort-of understand. Don't be afraid to make a mess, to break things and make mistakes. The whole point of doing this in school is that it's a SAFE place to make consequence-free mistakes and messes. You have support when your struggle is not yielding progress. But don't be concerned that you're uncomfortable, or upset because you're wrong. That is the greatest sign of progress you could hope to achieve. 
